- You're awake.
- Totally normal.
- Where's the. uh. costume
party?
- It's just precautionary
measures until you're
discharged.
- Oh. I don't know. I think I
might bar this for Halloween.
What do you think?
- Congratulations
on your first successful
mission. Sam.
- Thank you.
- Happy to be back?
- No.
No. I could have stayed up there
forever.
Though. when I feel better.
I would love a cheeseburger.
- I think we can arrange that.
Hm.
- Sam. can you describe
to me how you're feeling?
- Um.
Heavy.
Dizzy.
I saw that pen float.
Anti-gravity. hallucination.
All to be expected.
- What's going on here?
- Scan show deep
swelling. but no fracture.
you probably slammed it on
impact.
- We lost communication
with you on reentry. Sam.
What happened up there?
- I got the splashdown
coordinates from mission
control.
Everything seemed to be on
track. and.
and then I hit something maybe.
- Do you know
when you lost consciousness?
- I guess in pre-fall.
Is everything okay?
- Something
punctured your capsule
and shattered your helmet.
- What do you think it was?
- Could have
been meteor debris.
We're testing the particles
we found on your space suit.
You're lucky you survived.
- There she is.
- Mommy.
- Busy Izzy. hi.
- I miss you so much.
- I miss you more.
- Are you okay?
- I'm okay.
They just. they're making me
stay
in this funny chair for a while.
But look. I'm okay.
- Daddy. you miss mommy too.
right?
- Look who's here.
- Grandpa.
- Hey. pumpkin.
Mark.
- Good to see you. Will.
- You too.
How you doing. kiddo?
- I'm okay.
You did not have to come here.
- My daughter just returned
from her first mission in space.
I'm not supposed to come.
No.
- The team just filled
me in on what happened.
Sounds like a very close call.
- We're all very glad that
you're okay.
- Yeah. me too.
- Actually. uh. the Pentagon's
gonna join NASA on this one.
- Really?
- We're working on decoding
electrical frequencies
that we picked up during your
reentry.
so there's mutual interest.
- There's been a media
frenzy about your landing.
- The department has secured
a beautiful house nearby
for your recovery. outta the
spotlight.
You and Izzy won't have to
deal with any of that stuff.
- Hey. will you come visit
Mommy. huh?
- Yeah. yes. of course.
- Come in.
- Sorry to interrupt. We
need to run a few more tests
before you're cleared
and prepped for transpo.
but then you'll be all
done with quarantine.
- Okay. time to go.
We'll see you soon.
Say bye to mommy. sweetheart.
- Hey.
When I see you next.
I'm gonna give you the biggest
hug in the whole world. okay?
- Remember what
we talked about. okay?
- Who do I love?
Hmm?
- Me.
- Can't hear you. who do I love?
- Yeah.
See you soon.
- I'll see you soon.
♪ Where ♪
♪ Do we go from here ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ I know you love me ♪
♪ Make me strong ♪
♪ Don't make me weak ♪
♪ Get me that candy ♪
♪ Play with my mind ♪
♪ You're begging me down ♪
♪ You're not making me strong ♪
♪ I know that you want ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ And I won't be too long ♪
♪ Where ♪
♪ Do we go from here ♪
- You want this for a
bit?
- Captain. I'm okay.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. thank you.
- Okay.
- Welcome.
Body's reacclimating the
gravity.
careful pushing yourself too
hard.
Don't want you passing out on
us.
- This really is
something.
- Your dad's very proud of you.
- To an embarrassing
degree.
- I'm gonna give you the tour.
Are you okay?
- Mm-hm.
- 10 acres
of Virginia wilderness.
only 30 minutes from DC.
- It's a bit nicer than my
place.
- Apparently. the government
bought this land in the '50s
for weapons testing.
General Harris tells us
it's just mostly housing
for diplomats now.
Next house is miles away.
- Oh.
Sounds like a horror movie.
- The house is two stories.
Up here. we have the bathroom.
library.
fully stocked kitchen.
dining. and living room.
In the nook back there
is where we'll do some
of your medical tests.
- This is amazing.
- Downstairs. there's three
bedrooms.
three bathrooms. a den. and a
home gym.
which is about to be your new
best friend
because as you know. atrophy is.
- A bitch.
- Yes. ma'am.
I'm sure you miss space.
- I used to have one just like
this.
- Are you okay?
What's wrong?
- Just so ringing.
- It's tinnitus. stay super
calm.
and just weighty that. it'll
pass.
Feeling better?
- Yeah.
Thank you.
- I know you were briefed
pre-flight.
but just as a reminder.
expect everything from nausea
to dizziness. fever.
nosebleeds. hallucinations.
The human body takes time to
remember
how to function on earth.
- Right.
- The more you report back to
us.
the better we'll be able to
determine
if we need to consider
delaying future missions.
- Delaying future missions?
- If you exhibit any unusual
symptoms
or severe side effects.
we can't just send you back to
training.
- All right.
Um.
So. sorry. I'm just. it's.
I'm supposed to go out
to the ISS in. um. two months.
- Honestly. I wouldn't worry
about it.
Obviously. I'd rather have
you monitored at base.
but I don't wanna step on any
toes.
We'll be here every
morning at 7:30 on the dot.
so make sure you're up and
ready.
Get plenty of rest.
- Copy that.
- These next few days will
be over before you know it.
If you need anything. just call
us.
See you tomorrow.
♪ Stay away from your front door♪
♪ no more ♪
♪ But I love you. oh. so badly ♪
♪ Don't you know that I love you
madly ♪
♪ I can't stay ♪
♪ I can't say ♪
♪ Away ♪
♪ Yeah. I can't say away now ♪
♪ I can't say away ♪
♪ Oh. no. no. no. baby ♪
♪ Stay away ♪
♪ Stay away from your house ♪
♪ But I love you. oh. so badly ♪
♪ Stay away ♪
♪ Don't you know that I love you
madly ♪
♪ I can't stay ♪
- Holy shit. you're alive.
- Val.
- I've never held my breath for
so long.
Don't ever do that to me again.
please.
- I know. they're still
trying to figure out
what happened to me.
- That's all
everybody's talking about.
- I'm sure.
But hey. look.
Look where I'm staying.
- Oh.
Hearing like a nice swanky chic
oasis.
And I didn't get an invite.
Sam.
Hello?
Earth to Sam.
Sam. what is it?
Sam.
- Sorry. um.
I just thought I.
I thought I just saw something.
Sorry.
- So. you dying to get back up
there?
The first time in space is such
a tease.
- I've never felt more at home
than I did
when I was up there.
- You're more obsessed with
space than anybody I know.
and that's saying a lot.
- I'm starting to feel symptoms
though.
I had a nosebleed.
- Girl.
Remember. in training. they
tell you to report everything.
I'm telling you. don't.
Even if you feel horrible.
keep it to your damn self.
because they will never let you
fly again.
- I know.
I'm not gonna tell them any
of this. I already know that.
- I mean. I may as well be
Wonder Woman at this point.
they get a whiff that your
immune system isn't working.
and you're sick or
something. they'll demote you
to clean and puke off
the motion simulator.
- Literally. can't
think of anything worse.
- Listen. you wanna go back to
space.
you have to downplay everything.
Your symptoms will take
a while to go away.
But next time around.
this'll all feel normal.
It's just 'cause it's your first
time.
All right. you rest up.
I'm gonna come visit you at your
oasis.
- I love you.
- I love you. I love you.
I love you.
- Bye.
Hello?
What the?
What?
♪ Sittin' on a red hot stove ♪
♪ It's gonna be fine ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Sittin' on a red hot stove ♪
♪ It's gonna be fine ♪
♪ And baby sing ♪
♪ Sittin' on a red hot stove ♪
♪ It's gonna be fine ♪
♪ Cool me baby ♪
- Hello?
- Oh.
Just in the kitchen.
- Good morning.
The medical team's here if
you're ready.
- I'll be right there.
- You all right?
- Ah. yeah.
I think it's just grip. it's
passing.
- The electrolytes will
make you feel good as new.
- Mm.
I think I'm past electrolytes.
- Day one's intense.
- Well. the rest of the day is
like.
- The more we can monitor your
progress.
the more data we can collect
to better the space program.
- Well. I'm happy to be of
service.
- How's the tinnitus?
- It hasn't happened again.
- Awesome.
- Any more hallucinations?
- Mm-mm.
- You'll be back in
flying shape in no time.
Just relax the rest of the day.
we'll be back the same
time again tomorrow.
- Okay.
- Make sure to stretch.
- Hey. can you see me?
- Yeah. I can see you. can you
see me?
- Yeah.
- Hey.
Um.
I was thinking. when I get outta
here.
why don't we go on a family
trip. huh?
Just the three of us
on the beach somewhere.
- I don't know if that's a good
idea. Sam.
- Why not?
- I just don't think it's
healthy
for Izzy to see us together
if that's not how it's gonna be.
- Come on.
We're still figuring things
out. but we're a family.
- Sam. we almost lost you.
We almost lost you.
- I want Izzy to
have the family I didn't.
- It's just been hard.
- I know it was scary
for you guys. but I'm.
I'm okay.
- We're proud of you.
We know that you're one
of a handful of people
that do what you do. we get it.
but you've been MIA for
six months for training.
You're gonna be gone again
for God knows how long
for the next mission
- That. come on. that's not
fair.
You know how important
this mission is to me.
And how important you are and.
and Izzy.
- I thought adopting was
gonna bring us closer
when you couldn't.
When we couldn't.
- It did.
It has.
- Mommy. I made this for you.
- Wow.
Sweetie. is that us?
- That's me. daddy and you.
- What's that up there?
- Space people.
- Ah. shoot.
It's the university. I gotta
take this.
We'll come by and see you
tomorrow. yeah?
Say bye to mommy. baby.
- Bye. Mommy.
See you soon.
- Bye. baby. I'll see you soon.
Aw.
- Sorry.
Didn't mean to startle you.
Captain.
How are you feeling?
- Oh. what is going on?
- We found you outside.
Your head was pretty banged up.
- Who's we?
Dad?
- Sam.
You gave us quite a scare
finding you out there like that.
Come here.
You're supposed to be
getting some rest. kiddo.
- Mm-hmm.
How'd you know where I was?
- We stopped by for a surprise
visit.
You weren't at home. so we did a
sweep.
Hey.
That'll be all right tomorrow.
- Mm-hm.
- Let's get some fresh
air.
- Okay.
- You're part of
something really big here.
I'm very proud of you. Sam.
- What did I see out there?
Security cameras. or were
they recording something?
- I didn't expect you to wind
it that far from the house.
Didn't think it was necessary
to debrief NASA on the. uh.
on the full rundown of the
property here.
- What do you mean?
- After you.
- What is this place?
- Truth is.
it's a safe house.
- It was very James Bond.
- Follow me.
- They probably told
you what we told them.
that this house is for
diplomats.
which is not entirely wrong.
Kinds of people that we normally
host here
are in need of temporary hiding.
- Izzy's birthday?
- Shh.
Sometimes a place like this is
more secure than an embassy.
- It's amazing.
- Sleeping quarters there.
Mess hall here.
Down here's
the central nervous system in
the house.
Runs on its own separate power
source.
- Wow.
- And. uh. just to put your mind
at ease.
There are security cameras
outside all around the
perimeter.
In an emergency. the house
totally shuts itself down.
locking everything behind
three layers of Kevlar
and copper paneling.
A lot of these switches are tied
to defense systems all around
the house.
And obviously. you won't need
any of this.
but I didn't want you to think
that we were spying on you.
- It's good to know.
- Anyway. uh.
big secret revealed.
Why don't we go back upstairs
before they come looking for us.
- Okay.
- General Harris?
- Yes.
- It's 18:30. sir.
- Thank you.
I gotta get back to base.
You all right if I go?
- Yeah. thanks.
- Probably best that you just
stay put.
try and get some rest.
And please be sure
that Dr. Aiden checks
out that bruise tomorrow.
Hi. there.
You've reached Professor Mark
Walker. you know what to do.
- Hey. it's me.
I. uh. can you just call
me back when you get this?
I'm not feeling great.
I just wanted to talk.
so hopefully. you're not
sleeping already.
Um. okay. bye.
Oh.
Keep it together.
- Breach
detected. lockdown initiated.
Oh. come on.
Oh. shit.
- You all right. Sam?
- Yeah. I think. uh.
There's. I think there's
something wrong with the
generator.
- Yeah.
Our system's showing
there's been some blackouts.
Might be a problem with the
grid. we'll check it out.
- Okay to begin testing.
Captain?
- Uh. yeah. I'll just be a
minute. I'm gonna change.
Can I talk to you for a second?
- What's wrong?
Not enjoying architectural
digest Pentagon edition?
Hey. talk to me.
- There's something here.
Last night. I. maybe it was
in my mind or something.
but the whole house
went into lockdown mode.
and I almost had a heart attack.
I ended up sleeping in the
bunker.
- Jesus. I wish you had called
me.
- I tried. there was no service.
- You wanna
transfer back to base?
- I don't want 'em
to know I'm struggling.
- I will scan all of the
security footage
while you're doing your testing.
And then. we'll find out
what the what is. okay?
- I'm sorry. I think I'm
just really stressed out.
- Hey.
You don't have to apologize to
me. ever.
How's the bruising?
- I don't know. I haven't
even thought about it.
- You got this.
You all right?
- Mm-hm.
- Okay.
- That doesn't look
like normal bruising. Sam.
- That landing was no joke. huh?
- Let's do another extra
tomorrow.
- Hey.
- Mommy.
- Hi. Busy Bee.
Oh. I missed you.
- How you doing?
- Hey.
Okay.
- Makes our place look
like a college dorm.
- Grandpa.
- Hey. pumpkin.
Oh.
Look at you.
- Cool coat.
- Oh. you like that?
I like your hat.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Hey. what happened?
- I lost a teeth.
- When?
- Mm. a few days ago.
- Did you give this child some
money?
You know. Isabelle.
right after I adopted your
mother.
one of the first gifts I gave
her
was a telescope just like that.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
What do you see. babe?
- Let's go talk outside.
- What's wrong?
- What else?
- I think. I think I see
Jupiter.
- Any stars?
- I think I see the Milky Way.
- Oh. there you go.
- Tell me.
- I.
I have this crazy bruising
spreading all over my body.
and. um. I'm basically
seeing things that don't.
that aren't actually there.
Having these nightmares that.
- Hey. hey. hey.
- I don't feel good.
- Take a breath.
- I don't know to describe
it. I don't feel like myself.
- Have you reported this
to the medical team?
- No.
No.
I can't risk not being able
to go on a mission again.
- This is your health.
we're talking about. Sam.
- Listen. I need to tell you
something.
I just. I. I need-
- You're scaring me.
- I just need you to promise me
that you're gonna believe me.
- Yeah.
Yeah. what it is?
- Um.
I saw something not
from here.
- What are you saying?
- Something
not from
this world.
- Okay.
- I know it sounds nuts.
- That's. I mean.
Why?
- I was broadcasting signals
deep into space. for what?
For. for fun?
I don't know what they were
communicating.
They registered sound waves
on the capsules receiver
right before they lost me.
What if something followed me
back?
Maybe I'm just exhausted.
- I think that we. uh.
- Mommy.
- We should.
- I saw Pluto.
- Oh.
- I think I saw Pluto.
- That's amazing.
- I guess we're gonna have
to get you a telescope
of your own. pumpkin.
- Please. Daddy.
- Yeah. yeah. sure. Izzy.
- Do you mind if I borrow
mommy for a minute?
- I'll be right back.
There. right there.
Wh-
What?
What happened?
It was right there.
I swear.
- Look.
I know this process has been
tough on you. and the family.
Maybe try to get some
sleep on the earlier side.
Lots of water.
- Dad. I'm telling you what I
saw.
It was right there and it.
looked like a.
- Sam. listen.
Are you sure you wanna
push through another night?
- Yeah. I will.
- All right. I gotta get back to
base. Um.
I think the power here is good.
Don't forget to lock up.
- Mm-hmm.
- Sam. if you need anything?
You call me. yeah?
- Okay.
Love you.
- Love you. bear.
- Analyzing.
There are nine individuals
detected.
- You wanna tell mom your
joke?
- Yeah.
What kind of bee makes milk?
- What kind of bee makes milk?
I don't know. what?
- A booby.
- A booby?
What?
Did your daddy tell you that
joke?
- No. she picked that
one up at school. huh?
- Oh.
- Jump.
Don't scurry off too far. okay?
Iz.
- Where'd she go?
- She's just here. she couldn't
have gone far. Isabelle!
- Izzy. come back here.
- Isabelle.
- Izzy.
Izzy.
- Iz.
- Look. what could I
found.
- Honey.
Oh. put that down.
- You had us scared.
you can't do that. Iz.
- Okay. adventure time
is over. let's go home.
- Yeah. let's head back. come
on.
- What's happening?
I'm scared.
- It's okay. it's okay.
Don't be scared.
- Oh. my God.
- Oh. shit.
What is going on?
- Would you
please do one last check
around the property?
Thank you.
- What do you think?
- Probably environmental.
could be a change in weather
patterns.
- Weather?
- We have room at
Langley.
- No. that's okay.
- Okay.
Well. I'll call you with
updates as soon as I have 'em.
- Okay.
Actually. will you take her?
- Yeah.
- Uh. Director Marshall.
- Yeah?
- Are there any updates
on the particle sample
from my capsule?
- The lab is still in the
process of running tests.
but I'll let you know as
soon as I receive the report.
- Thanks.
- The hardest part is over.
- You okay?
- My whole body hurts.
How's she doing?
- She's fine. she's just
exhausted.
- You should take her home to
rest.
- You just come home with us.
- You know I can't.
It's just a few more days.
- We can come back later
tonight?
- Yeah.
I like that.
- Okay.
So. I'll call you when we're
heading back.
- Mm-hm.
- Take something for the pain.
yeah?
- Yeah.
Izzy. I'll see soon.
- I'll see you soon.
- I love you.
Oh. my God.
What is happening?
No.
- Sam.
- Are you coming back?
- We're on our way.
Sam.
- I'm trying to keep it
together. but I think I'm going.
- I'm here. I'm here.
Sam.
- Mark.
- Yeah?
- Was I a good mother?
- What?
Why are you asking me that. Sam?
- Breach detected.
Lockdown initiated.
- Oh. God.
Mark.
- Sam.
What's going on?
- I think.
There's something
in the house.
- I'll be there as soon
as I can.
- Please hurry.
What the fuck?
What the hell?
- Analyzing.
There are two individuals
detected.
Analyzing.
There are three individuals
detected.
- Where's mommy?
- I'm not sure.
- Oh. damn it.
Stay in the car.
- What is that?
- Izzy.
Izzy. stop.
Hey. hey.
What do we say about running
off?
- Look.
- Sam.
Sam.
- Mommy. where are you?
- Sam!
Sam!
- They're not supposed to be
here.
Okay. people let's move in.
Try to remember what we're
dealing with
is highly intelligent.
Don't do anything stupid.
- Mommy. where are you?
- Sam.
- Mommy.
- Sam!
- No sign of her. sir.
- Keep searching.
- Please. please. I have a
family.
I have a family.
I can.
Who are you?
How is that possible?
- Marcio. Brown. you take the
perimeter.
Johnson. Sanchez..
Harris. you're with me.
- Yes. sir.
- Hey. you. stop.
- Sam.
Sam.
- What's happening to mommy?
- They're not gonna hurt you.
- I need all of you to
come with me right now.
- What are you doing?
Put the gun down. Will.
- I can't do that. Mark.
Look at her.
Sam isn't what you think she is.
I put too much time and
effort into getting them
to come back here.
Tell them to leave their ship.
It's government property now.
- You knew all this time?
- I gave you a life.
real chance of living.
- You've been lying to me.
- Mendez. this is Harris.
Start your ascent.
Target is secure.
- Copy. general.
- The mission.
You used me as bait.
- I didn't have a choice.
I need you.
and I need them
to follow me back down
to the house right now.
Right now.
- What are you gonna do. shoot
me?
- I'm not gonna ask again.
Don't make me do this.
- You've always been.
You have to go. Sam.
You have to go now.
Go.
Go. go. we'll be okay.
- I'll see you soon.